Support contact-us and apply page refinements (#286)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal: src/content/apiDocs/verification/verificationOverview.mdx

If you want to stay informed as we add more verification APIs, sign up [here](https://vacommunity.secure.force.com/survey/ExAM__AMAndAnswerCreationPage?paId=a2ft0000000VVnJ). 

> Note: The Address Validation service is a developer utility for internal Dept. of Veterans Affairs use only. <b>If you are a VA employee</b> and would like to request access, please email [api@va.gov](mailto:api@va.gov?Subject=Request%20for%20Address%20Validation%20Access).  If you are a Veteran trying to access VA records in the iPhone Health app, please visit <a href="https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208680">View health records on your iPhone</a> or contact the <a href="https://www.va.gov/ve/whvaHotline.asp">Veterans Experience Office</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The Address Validation service is a developer utility for Dept. of Veterans Affairs internal use only. <b>If you are a VA employee</b> and would like to request access, please email [api@va.gov](mailto:api@va.gov?Subject=Request%20for%20Address%20Validation%20Access). If you are a Veteran trying to access VA records in the iPhone Health app, please visit <a href="https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208680">Apple's support page on this topic</a> or contact the <a href="https://www.va.gov/ve/whvaHotline.asp">Veterans Experience Office</a>.
```

Reviewer 2: Same comment about changing `iPhone` to `Apple`.

> Note: The Address Validation service is a developer utility for internal Dept. of Veterans Affairs use only. <b>If you are a VA employee</b> and would like to request access, please email [api@va.gov](mailto:api@va.gov?Subject=Request%20for%20Address%20Validation%20Access).  If you are a Veteran trying to access VA records in the iPhone Health app, please visit <a href="https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208680">View health records on your iPhone</a> or contact the <a href="https://www.va.gov/ve/whvaHotline.asp">Veterans Experience Office</a>.

Reviewer 3: I'm not the expert on this, but from what I remember we may want to replace iPhone with "Apple Health app" because it can be accessed on different Apple devices (iPhone, iPod, etc)

Reviewer 2: Saw this late in the review but agree.
